WRO-2580: Fixed `Scroller` to set initial focus to scrollbar in Panels (#1218)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to give the scroll thumb the initial focus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` to focus scroll thumb initially when it is used in Panels
```

> - `sandstone/Scroller` focus scroll thumb initially when it is used in Panels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` to focus scroll thumb initially when it is used in Panels
```

### Fixed

- `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` to focus the topmost element after scroll in pointer mode

> - `sandstone/Scroller` to give the scroll thumb the initial focus

Reviewer: Please put it in the right place.
